done less free
careful Fred then write three left six
is the right click then left to narrow
rice six internet prime right to and
left three
right five keep right there for into
right three Titan then left three in the
right for cape middle right five long
and heaven left barrier in time for tea
hairpin right
left 4 and right 3 40 min left
right six is the left bar loss right
three Joe cut is the left three and
right three open let's try and write you
into left for and right for open right
five google test then left five titan
wall outside keep middle then right six
left five and right three left six into
right Nick then left three is the right
three left four right and right fine
left it long and right to open 6g keep
little real water right by in the left
to then write three let's fly in to
write five and heaven left barrier
outside 40 left five is the right dick
keep little over bridge right five into
left for and hairpin right let's find
fightin is the right for 40 left three
heaven light left for long
right for and heaven left wall outside
right for and right 3f in left ball
outside and 14 f in life go cops
left for careful
40 careful crash in the left for
then left three is the right for
tightening and have been left Pepin rice
barrier outside 14 then five is the
right for 60 open right three narrow is
the left to right for then hairpin right
drop inside right for then left five
into right five let's fly into right
three
Evan left 40 finish